Is it much needed to do M.E after B.E ?
I'm HSC (Electronics with PCM) Repeater but Not a single college is giving me admission in F.Y.Bsc plain or I.T. what can i do?
I have just passed my class 12 exams from commerce stream and want to know about civil services
I have secured 76% in HSC boards and 96/200 in the NATA . what will be my merit rank or the total Nata Score?
My future aim to be a police officer.Now I completed ba(pol.sc).is law is suitable for me?
How i study for Crack GATE 2017 ?
I am looking for a Graduate course of 2 yars correspondence, which help me to get admission in campus and placement in HR.
I got an admit from TU Kaiserslautern and now waiting for replies from TU Dresden and Darmstadt and Freiburg . Which one should i choose?
M.A.in economics, financial economics & monetary eco as specialztn.will NCCMP(with sxc, kolkata) be helpful after masters?
I have got 91.6% in cbse board and 93% in best of four. can I get bsc hons in Delhi University. please suggest me some colleges name?
Hi ,I got 61 marks in jee main & 84.2 % in CBSE. What should be my rank in jeemain?And which collg. in haryana for b.tech is suitable for me
I want to make career in mass communication but financial condition is not so good.what can i do?
I got 38000 rank in kcet 2015 can i get any colleges in karnataka
preethi93152 asked 
Any colleges available in bangalore below 40k rank?
I had completed M.Sc physics with 85 %,B.Ed physical science 82 % . please mention various field of physics for getting a better job
I got 80% marks in 12th(up board). Can i do jee coaching? Is there my 12th marks create any problem. This year i got 81(OBC) in jee main.
What is TANSET exam
Is "Dayanand sagar academy of technology and management" a good choice of college for electronics and communication engineering?
I got a seat in manipal jaipur i wish to join can i know is it a better institute
Which course has good scope for a science student this generation except engineering and medical ?
How to MPLS connectivity
I had done Btech ECE from PTU punjab (75%) this year but unfortunatly no placement, Should i go 4 PG diploma from C-DAC from bnglore or pune
I have scored 102 in JEE Main 2015 and have scored 88.40% in CBSE Board. I am a domicile of Odisha. Can I get admission into NIT Rourkela?
I just want to ask that which sector has more scope in india .i just passed 12th this year in PCB. enviromental studies or renewable energy
Can I go for MSc Biotech after completing BSc in CBZ with B or Z as major subject? And what are the other eligibilties for MSc Biotech?
Is it a good decision of doing Petroleum engineering from ITM University
What are the career prospects after EEE? How can I make career in the field of aviation after the same?
Which are the NITs and IIITs I can get admission?
What are the career prospects after Nautical Science? Which are the good collges for the same?
Which institute is better to pursue B.Tech: GLA University Mathura and IMS Ghaziabad?
Is it possible to pursue M.Sc environmental studies after completing B.Sc Botany?
Which are the government colleges I may get admission CSE?
What are the short term courses I can pursue after B.Sc Zoology?
What is the quota for foreign nationals in IITs?
I have diploma in mechanical engg with 7 years of exp.Now i want procure degree through distance,Pls help me to find institute.
Which college is better CS: AKGEC Ghaziabad or DIT Dehradun?
Would it affect my placement if i did 12th at the NIOS?
Which college is better for pursuing M.Tech: GNDU or PU?
Which are the good colleges offering B.Tech on the basis of 12 cbse marks? How is Chandigarh university for CS B.Tech?
Is it good to pursue diploma in computer engineering after completing class 12th?
Which are the good engineering colleges I may get admission for mechanical engineering?
Which are the good colleges to pursue engineering? What is the admission procedure?
Which are the good colleges I may get admission for engineering?
Can I get admission in DU for bio-medical science?
Which are the good engineering colleges I may get admission for CS or IT?
Which are the polytechnic colleges in Delhi?
Is b-tech equivalent certitificate from IETE valid for jobs in software IT industry?
Which are the good institutes in Maharashtra I may get admission?
What are the career option available for me?
How can I pursue MS. In Genetic Engineering in USA?
Which option will be better for me: C.S from LNMIIT(jaipur) or Mechanical from VIT?
Which are the top colleges in Mumbai to pursue MCVC?
Can I get admission in top 5 colleges of ggsipu with CS pr IT branch at a rank 12300 outside delhi general category ?
Which is the best engineering branch?
How is Chandigarh universitysity for pursuing BE in computer sci engineering?
How can I pursue ITI?
Which subject choose after 10+2 in non medical sides with marks 60%?
How can I pursue B.Tech from good college?
Which are the good colleges I may get admission for B,Tech?
Which is better: pursuing integrated M.Tech or B.Tech?
Is it possible to opt science stream after class 10th? Whar are the career prospects after the same?
Can I get admission in B.Tech through lateral entry?
I am confuse about Petroleum eng. and Food technology i have intrest in both but i want to know that which field have better scope in Future
i m expecting 30,000 all india jee mains rank and 4,000 rajasthan state rnk.can i gt admission in NIT jaipur.if yes thn which branch?